Add Thanks / Recap post (#2135)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2024/news/thanks-recap.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:banner: _static/conf/images/headers/portland-2024-speakers.jpg
:og:image: /_static/conf/images/headers/{{shortcode}}-{{year}}-opengraph.jpg

.. post:: Apr 25, 2024
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, thanks, recap

> Portland 2024 Recap - Talk Videos, Photos, and Community
> ========================================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portland 2024 Recap - Talk Videos, Photos, Sketchnotes, and Community
============================================================
```

Hey everyone,

> Our team is now emerging from the post-conference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our team is slowly emerging from the post-conference
```

recovery period, and we wanted to send out a quick message to thank
everyone for helping to make our conference such a
success. We appreciate everyone who makes the conference possible:
speakers, sponsors, organizers, volunteers, and attendees alike!

It was great to see everyone back at Revolution Hall in Portland,
and to fill our new venue with wonderful documentarians once again.

Conference recap
----------------

At just under **350 attendees** this conference was another success.
We had the usual mix of talks on the main stage along with Q&A,
lightning talks, unconference sessions,
writing sprints, social event, and sponsor expo.

We used more spaces in the venue this year,

> and it really felt like the flow of the overall conference was improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and it really felt like the overall flow of the conference was smoother.
```

Talk videos
-----------

`Videos of the talks`_ are now available on YouTube.
This includes all conference talks with Q&A, as well as the lightning talks.

> You can subscribe to our `YouTube channel`_ so you don’t miss any future content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to our `YouTube channel`_ so you don’t miss any talks from our other conferences.
```

> Thanks again to all our presenters, moderator, and folks who asked wonderful questions!

Reviewer: s/moderator/emcees/?

.. _Videos of the talks: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZAeFn6dfHpm4FboYSTD1Bs8Yp8k_JvAL
.. _YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/writethedocs

Conference photos
-----------------

We have photos from the event available in our `Portland 2024 photo album <https://www.flickr.com/photos/writethedocs/albums/72177720316224454>`_, thanks to our wonderful photographer `Kay <https://twitter.com/goatlady>`_! 
We really love the photos each year, and you're welcome to use them for non-commercial purposes, such as conference write ups, as per our `Creative Commons License <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/>`_.

Sketchnotes
-----------

We also have sketchnotes for each of our talks!
Check out our `Portland 2024 sketchnotes album on Flickr <https://www.flickr.com/photos/writethedocs/sets/72177720316395160>`_ to see the visual summaries of the talks and sessions.

> Thanks to our sketchnoter, `Dennis Dawson <https://www.linkedin.com/in/dennissdawson/>`_, for capturing the essence of the conference in such a unique way,
> while also presenting our first talk!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to our sketchnoter, `Dennis Dawson <https://www.linkedin.com/in/dennissdawson/>`_, for capturing the essence of the conference in such a unique way, 
while also presenting the first conference talk on Monday, his first full length talk at Write the Docs!
```

We're also looking for more sponsors to make our events just as magical as this year's event. You can see our prospectus for `Atlantic <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/atlantic/2024/sponsors/prospectus/>`_. Get in touch if you have any questions.

Code of Conduct transparency report
-----------------------------------

As with any Write the Docs event,
this conference was covered by our `community Code of Conduct <https://www.writethedocs.org/code-of-conduct/>`__.
We aim to be as transparent with CoC incidents and enforcement as we can.

To ensure that our CoC was visible and accessible, we took a number of specific steps:

- Every participant agreed to the Code of Conduct in advance during registration.
- The CoC, or a summary, was included on the conference website and around the venue.
- The CoC was repeatedly mentioned in our conference introduction and announcements.
- We specifically stressed that the CoC applies to all conference spaces including the social event.
- We encouraged all attendees to report any incident, even if they were not sure whether it was a violation.

We had 2 reports of CoC incidents at the conference:

> * An attendee reported an incident where someone shouted a comment during a talk about documentation tools that was not appropriate. We were unable to identify the person at the confernce, but staff apologized to the speaker, and noted during on-stage announcements and social media that this behavior was not acceptable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An attendee reported an incident where someone shouted a comment during a talk about documentation tools that was not appropriate. We were unable to identify the person at the conference, but staff apologized to the speaker, and noted during on-stage announcements and social media that this behavior was not acceptable.
```

* A staff member reported that an attendee was acting in an aggressive manner to staff about a conference selection process. This was addressed by the staff member with the attendee, and no further action was taken, other than the staff member noting the incident as a Code of Conduct report.

Attendees can always report incidents, even after the conference,

> but emailing us at `conduct@writethedocs.org <mailto:conduct@writethedocs.org>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by emailing us at `conduct@writethedocs.org <mailto:conduct@writethedocs.org>`_.
```
